README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <!-- <a href="https://github.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/main/assets/a_logo.png" alt="zeroutils Logo" width="100"></img>
  </a> -->

  <h1 align="center">zeroutils</h1>

  <!-- <p>
    <a href="https://crates.io/crates/zeroutils">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/zeroutils?label=crates" alt="Crate">
    </a>
    <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/zerocore-ai/zeroutils">
      <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=SOMETOKEN" alt="Code Coverage"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/actions?query=">
      <img src="https://github.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/actions/workflows/tests_and_checks.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build Status">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/blob/main/LICENSE">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg" alt="License">
    </a>
    <a href="https://docs.rs/zeroutils">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Docs&message=docs.rs&color=blue" alt="Docs">
    </a>
  </p> -->
</div>

**`zeroutils`** is a collection of utilities used across the zerocore project.

</br>

> [!WARNING]
> This project is in early development and is not yet ready for production use.

##

## Outline

- [License](#license)

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](./LICENSE), or
[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0][apache].

[apache]: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Commit message:

feat: implement ipld store to replace block store
Break zeroutils into smaller focused crates

`IpldStore` replaces `BlockStore` and should allow for more powerful storage backends that can handle deletes.

`zeroutils-key` to replace `did:key` implementation with `did:wk` (DID Web Key). Implementation is currently in progress.

`zeroutils-ucan` to replace `rs-ucan` implementation and focuses on the needs of the `zerocore` ecosystem. It depends on `zeroutils-key` for key management.

`zeroutils-wasi` has been successfully migrated.

`zeroutils-config` still in progress. It is unclear how certain defaults (e.g. peer_port and user_port) will be handled in upstream crates that depend on it.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <!-- <a href="https://github.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/main/assets/a_logo.png" alt="zeroutils Logo" width="100"></img>
  </a> -->

  <h1 align="center">zeroutils</h1>

  <!-- <p>
    <a href="https://crates.io/crates/zeroutils">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/zeroutils?label=crates" alt="Crate">
    </a>
    <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/zerocore-ai/zeroutils">
      <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=SOMETOKEN" alt="Code Coverage"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/actions?query=">
      <img src="https://github.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/actions/workflows/tests_and_checks.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build Status">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/zerocore-ai/zeroutils/blob/main/LICENSE">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg" alt="License">
    </a>
    <a href="https://docs.rs/zeroutils">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Docs&message=docs.rs&color=blue" alt="Docs">
    </a>
  </p> -->
</div>

**`zeroutils`** is a collection of utilities used across the zerocore project.

</br>

> [!WARNING]
> This project is in early development and is not yet ready for production use.

##

## Outline

- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [License](#license)

## Acknowledgments

This project makes use of code from the [wasmtime][wasmtime] project. The `wasmtime` project is an impactful open-source initiative that enables us to achieve our goals more efficiently by leveraging their robust WebAssembly runtime implementation.

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](./LICENSE), or
[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0][apache].

[apache]: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
